NDTV
WORLD
PROFIT
हिंदी
CRICKET
MOVIES
FOOD
LIFESTYLE
HEALTH
SWASTH
TECH
INFLUENCERS
GAMES
BIG BONUS
SHOPPING
Live TV
News
Video
Opinion
Diaspora
UK Elections
India Global
#RaceToWhiteHouse
Asia
Australia
Europe
US
Hamas Chief Ismail Haniyeh Killed In Iran's Capital, Group Confirms

 Search for News, Photos and Videos
SEARCH
NewsWorld NewsHamas Chief Ismail Haniyeh Killed In Iran's Capital, Group Confirms
Hamas Chief Ismail Haniyeh Killed In Iran's Capital, Group Confirms
Hamas Chief Ismail Haniyeh was killed in "a treacherous Zionist attack on his residence in Tehran" yesterday. The group said an investigation is on to find out more details about the attack.
World NewsEdited by Aditi Gautam (with inputs from AFP)Updated: July 31, 2024 10:20 am IST
Hamas Chief Ismail Haniyeh Killed In Iran's Capital, Group Confirms
Israel had vowed to kill Hamas chief Ismail Haniyeh

Hamas chief Ismail Haniyeh and one of his bodyguards were killed after their residence was targeted in Iran, the Palestinian group said in a statement today.
Hamas said Ismail Haniyeh was killed in "a treacherous Zionist raid on his residence in Tehran" Tuesday morning. The group said an investigation is on to find out more details about the attack.

Haniyeh was in the Iranian capital to attend the swearing-in of Iran's president Masoud Pezeshkian.

"Brother, leader, mujahid Ismail Haniyeh, the head of the movement, died in a Zionist strike on his headquarters in Tehran after he participated in the inauguration of the new (Iranian) president," the statement read.

A senior Hamas official said Ismail Haniyeh's killing "will not go unanswered". "The assassination of leader Ismail Haniyeh is a cowardly act and will not go unanswered," Hamas policial bureau member Musa Abu Marzuk said.

Iran's Revolutionary Guards also confirmed his death, saying Haniyeh's residence in Tehran was "hit" and he was killed along with a bodyguard.

The Israeli army did not immediately respond to Haniyeh's killing. 

Israel had vowed to kill Ismail Haniyeh and destroy the Hamas group after October 7 attack that resulted in the deaths of 1,195 people, mostly civilians.

Israel's retaliatory military campaign in Gaza has killed at least 39,400 people, according to the health ministry in the Hamas-run territory. 

Haniyeh was elected head of the Hamas political bureau in 2017 to succeed Khaled Meshaal. Considered a pragmatist, Haniyeh lived in exile and split his time between Turkey and Qatar.

He had travelled on diplomatic missions to Iran and Turkey during the war, meeting both the Turkish and Iranian presidents.

Listen to the latest songs, only on JioSaavn.com
Haniyeh was said to maintain good relations with the heads of the various Palestinian factions, including rivals to Hamas.

He joined Hamas in 1987 when the militant group was founded amid the outbreak of the first Palestinian intifada, or uprising, against Israeli occupation, which lasted until 1993. 


ALSO READ
"Ismail Haniyeh's Assassination Will Not Go Unanswered": Hamas
"Ismail Haniyeh's Assassination Will Not Go Unanswered": Hamas
How Ismail Haniyeh Rose From Being Activist To Chief Of Hamas
How Ismail Haniyeh Rose From Being Activist To Chief Of Hamas
Australia Sanctions Israel Settlers Accused Of Sexual Assault Of Palestinians
Australia Sanctions Israel Settlers Accused Of Sexual Assault Of Palestinians
Track Latest News Live on NDTV.com and get news updates from India and around the world.

WATCH LIVE NEWS:

FOLLOW US:

Ismail HaniyehIsmail Haniyeh deadHams chief
TRENDING
Hamas Chief Ismail Haniyeh Killed In Iran's Capital, Group Confirms
Hamas Chief Ismail Haniyeh Killed In Iran's Capital, Group Confirms
"Must Hear": PM's Shoutout For Anurag Thakur Amid Row Over House Speech
"Must Hear": PM's Shoutout For Anurag Thakur Amid Row Over House Speech
Watch: Suryakumar Yadav Bowls To Defend 6 Runs In 20th Over, Fans Hail 'Gautam Gambhir Era'
Watch: Suryakumar Bowls To Defend 6 Runs In 20th Over, Fans Hail Gambhir
Air Canada Flight Cancelled After Crew Member's Meltdown Over Passenger's Blanket Request
Air Canada Flight Cancelled After Staff's Meltdown Over Blanket Request
143 Dead In Wayanad Landslides, Several Still Trapped Amid Heavy Rain Alert
143 Dead In Wayanad Landslides, Several Still Trapped Amid Heavy Rain Alert
Income Tax Return Filing Deadline To Be Extended Beyond July 31? Tax Body Says...
Income Tax Return Filing Deadline To Be Extended? Tax Body Says...
.

Advertisement

Advertisement